Update python.md (#76313)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cognitive-services/metrics-advisor/includes/quickstarts/python.md

## Create a hook

> In a new method, create import statements like the example below. Create a client with your keys and endpoint, and use `client.create_hook()` to create a hook. Enter a description, a list of emails to send the alert to, and an external link which will show in the alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a new method, create import statements like the example below. Create a client with your keys and endpoint, and use `client.create_hook()` to create a hook. Enter a description, a list of emails to send the alert to, and an external link which will appear in the alert.
```

        name="email hook",
        description="my email hook",
        emails_to_alert=["alertme@alertme.com"],

>         external_link="https://example.com/handleAlerts"   #A customized field configured by users, which will be displayed in anomaly alert. It's usually been used to link to a trouble shooting guide to help further diagnose the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        external_link="https://example.com/handleAlerts"   #A customized field configured by users, which will be displayed in the anomaly alert. It's usually been used to link to a troubleshooting guide to help further diagnose the issue.
```
